Yan Zhao
5636 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15217
(412)897-6929, dongnanzhy@gmail.com
OBJECTIVE Summer internship as software engineer
EDUCATION Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science May. 2016
 Master of Science in LTI, BIC GPA 3.83
Southeast University, School of Biomedical Engineering Jul. 2011
 Bachelor of Engineering in Biomedical Engineering
Coursework Machine Learning in Practice(A+), Algorithm and Advanced Data Structure(B+),
Design and Engineering of Intelligent Information Systems(A), Introduction to Ma-
chine Learning, Machine Learning in Signal Processing, Big Data System
SKILLS Programming Languages: JAVA, C++, Matlab, C, Latex, Assembly language
Other skills: Machine Learning, Linux
ACADEMIC
PROJECT
CMU Lib Sep. 2014 -
 Next generation distributed system, implemented with machine learning meth-
ods like SVD. To analyze big data and make predictions fast and accurately.
Biomedical Question Answering System (video) Oct. 2014 - Dec. 2014
 A QA system focused on factoid question using UIMA structure, extract an-
swers based on dierent corpus and do error analysis.
NBA Game Results Description Sep. 2014 - Dec.2014
 Construct and analyze data about NBA matches and use Weka to make pre-
dictions on whether a team would enter playos and get champions, various
machine learning algorithms are analyzed including SVM, Naive Bayes and so
on.
Technology of Ultrasound Image Denoising Jun. 2010 - Jun. 2011
 Programmed with both C++ and Matlab languages to achieve several methods
of ultrasound image denoising, including wavelet and smoothing.
The multi-planar reconstruction of CT images Jun. 2009 - Jan. 2011
 Accomplished the MPR of 300 CT images using MFC based on DICOM deal.
Realized the display of three planes at any position in the same window to help
with the accurate diagnosis.
WORKING
EXPERIENCES
Research Assistant in State Key Laboratory of Bioelectronics, Southeast
University, China Aug. 2011 - Sep. 2013
 Managed daily aairs and helped with biological experiments.
 Created lab website. Made web pages, embedded laboratory personnel data,
and helped to implement an appointment system.
CERTIFICATES  National Intermediate Engineer Qualication for Computer and Soft-
ware Technology Procient in C/C++ Language